README.md, before:

SSBB3DMV: Super Smash Bros. Brawl 3D Model Viewer
==================================================

Developers: huhx0015, schou0009

## Description

This is a 3D model viewer which loaded and rendered (in real-time) 3D model stages and characters from the Super Smash
Bros. Brawl game. It was developed as a fan project and as a way to learn more about the XNA framework. The viewer
allowed for free-style camera controls, with the ability to fly in and around stage and character models. A simple UI
was also programmed, in which users could change the background stage, enable music/sound effects, and a toggle to 
enable a simple jumping motion for character models. 

The viewer was developed in a two person team on Visual Studio 2008/2012 and XNA Game Studio 4.0, using C# and the
Microsoft XNA Framework. The source code for this project is readily available here on GitHub. Content material has
been omitted, as all Super Smash Bros. Brawl models, textures, music, and sound files are copyrighted works of Nintendo
Co., Ltd.

Commit message:

Added demo and missing files. Updated README.md.

README.md, after:

Super Smash Bros. Brawl 3D Model Viewer
=======================================

Developers: huhx0015, schou0009

## Description

This is a 3D model viewer which loaded and rendered (in real-time) 3D model stages and characters from the Super Smash
Bros. Brawl game. It was developed as a fan project and as a way to learn more about the XNA framework. The viewer
allowed for free-style camera controls, with the ability to fly in and around stage and character models. A simple UI
was also programmed, in which users could change the background stage, enable music/sound effects, and a toggle to 
enable a simple jumping motion for character models. 

The viewer was developed in a two person team on Visual Studio 2008/2012 and XNA Game Studio 4.0, using C# and the
Microsoft XNA Framework.

## Copyright

Super Smash Bros. Brawl 3D Model Viewer is a fan application and is not associated with or endorsed by Nintendo Co., Ltd.

© SUPER SMASH BROS. BRAWL is a registered trademark of Nintendo Co., Ltd.

All SUPER SMASH BROS. BRAWL images, logos, names, music, and related media are intellectual properties of Nintendo Co., Ltd. unless otherwise noted.
